README.md, before:

# Securecom for iOS

Currently in early development stage. 

## Building

1) Clone the repo to a working directory and checkout the submodules.

2) Install Xamarin Studio with iOS plugin.

3) Open the `Stext.sln` in Xamarin Studio. Build and Run and you are ready to go!

## Cryptography Notice

This distribution includes cryptographic software. The country in which you currently reside may have restrictions on the import, possession, use, and/or re-export to another country, of encryption software. 
BEFORE using any encryption software, please check your country's laws, regulations and policies concerning the import, possession, or use, and re-export of encryption software, to see if this is permitted. 
See <http://www.wassenaar.org/> for more information.

The U.S. Government Department of Commerce, Bureau of Industry and Security (BIS), has classified this software as Export Commodity Control Number (ECCN) 5D002.C.1, which includes information security software using or performing cryptographic functions with asymmetric algorithms. 
The form and manner of this distribution makes it eligible for export under the License Exception ENC Technology Software Unrestricted (TSU) exception (see the BIS Export Administration Regulations, Section 740.13) for both object code and source code.

Commit message:

Update the README file to provide instruction to checkout submodules.

README.md, after:

# Securecom for iOS

Currently in early development stage. 

## Building

1) Clone the repo to a working directory.

2) Checkout the submodules. On commandline, this can be done by issuing the following command in the root folder: git submodule update --init --recursive

3) Place the server cerificate in the root folder, rename the file to "signing-ca-1.crt"

4) Install Xamarin Studio with iOS plugin.

5) Open the `Stext.sln` in Xamarin Studio. Build and Run and you are ready to go!

## Cryptography Notice

This distribution includes cryptographic software. The country in which you currently reside may have restrictions on the import, possession, use, and/or re-export to another country, of encryption software. 
BEFORE using any encryption software, please check your country's laws, regulations and policies concerning the import, possession, or use, and re-export of encryption software, to see if this is permitted. 
See <http://www.wassenaar.org/> for more information.

The U.S. Government Department of Commerce, Bureau of Industry and Security (BIS), has classified this software as Export Commodity Control Number (ECCN) 5D002.C.1, which includes information security software using or performing cryptographic functions with asymmetric algorithms. 
The form and manner of this distribution makes it eligible for export under the License Exception ENC Technology Software Unrestricted (TSU) exception (see the BIS Export Administration Regulations, Section 740.13) for both object code and source code.
